Questions From The Survey

What are 5 words that you can use to describe me? A few no no's are words like "design" or "creative".

If you had to describe my personality in terms of a TV or Movie character who would that be?

If you had to associate my personality with a particular color, what color would that be?

If you were going to associate my personality with a particular animal, what would that animal be and why?

If you were to describe me in terms of being a comic book character (villain or good guy), who would that be and why?


User 1 Answers
1. Not Answered
2. #F5821D  or #3923CC  for color
3. beaver is the first animal that comes to mind it’s hardworking but not all “in yo face"
4. TV character = Major form iZombie. classic “good guy” who does what he needs to
5. comic book character = (I don’t read a lot of comics) but green lantern or aquaman. I don’t know them tooooooo well, but they seemed like they could do more than people usually joked about


User 2 Answers
1. Clever, Jovial, Relaxed, Friendly, Offhand
2. Seth Rogen in The Green Hornet (OR Mr. Peanut Butter in Bojack Horseman) — In a GOOD WAY
3. Warm Orange (like the Headspace logo)
4. Golden Retriever (see above)
5. Hal Jordan (one of the Green Lanterns — look it up)


User 3 Answers
1) Fun Positive Energetic Outgoing Personable
2) The guy at the watercooler you trust and want to share your fun weekend stories with (think we could cast Jeremy Piven as you)
3)Orange
4) Anteater You just laugh at why God would create such a creature. Just Kidding. Maybe a Dog, a great friend you enjoy having around
5) Good Guy. Robin. Again, kidding. I could maybe see you as Iron Man, Tony Stark. You have the same personality and a creative fun side

User 4 Answers
1.Proud, confident, outgoing, entertaining, personable
2.Will Smith from Men in Black
3.Blue
4.Big dog
5.The Flash

User 5 Answers
1.well-dressed, cool car, nice, competitive, outgoing.
2.marty mcfly
3.blue
4.marmoset
5.peter parker

User 6 Answers
1. confident, animated
2. tommy lee jones from men in black
3. plaid?
4. meerkat
5. the bad horse singers in dr. horrible. not a comic book character, but, you know, fun and funny.

User 7 Answers
1.Witty - Handsome - Listener (sp?) - Loving - athletic
2.Fantastic Four, Johnny Storm (Chris Evans); 
3.Deep Red
4.first choice is panther.....second choice a Gorilla.  
5.Batman......Oh yeah, Batman to the max.  Super cool and always has it together.

User 8 Answers
1.Funny/smart/ caring/ charming/cooperative/confident .
2.The guy from the settlers commercials/Phil from modern family
3.green
4.Prob some kind of wolf? Coyote? Something cute and funny but kinda a loner 
5.Not Answered.



Common Themes


1.What are 5 words that you can use to describe me? A few no no's are words like "design" or "creative".

-Fun, Funny, Friendly, Personable, Outgoing, Confident

2.If you had to describe my personality in terms of a TV or Movie character who would that be?

-All Diff Characters, but the common theme is Witty is suppose.

3.If you had to associate my personality with a particular color, what color would that be?

-Overwhelmingly Orange

4.If you were going to associate my personality with a particular animal, what would that animal be and why?

-Overwhelming of the Canidae group (dog, wolf, coyote)

4.If you were to describe me in terms of being a comic book character (villain or good guy), who would that be and why?

-The Trend seems to be very Sassy Characters.









